<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="/WEB-INF/template/template.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                xmlns:fc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/comps">

    <ui:define name="content" >

        <!--<ui:param name="restRoot" value="#{request.scheme}://#{request.serverName}:#{request.serverPort}#{request.contextPath}#{msgs.restURIbase}/v#{msgs.apiversion}" />-->    
        <p:panel styleClass="noBorders">
        
            <h1> CCDB: Application Programming Interface</h1>

            <h3>Introduction</h3>
            <p>
                CCDB (Central Configuration Database) is used by Facility for Rare Isotope Beams 
                (FRIB) to manage configuration of the facility.
                Data in CCDB can be accessed programmatically through a  
                <a href="#{msgs.restReference}" target="_blank">RESTful</a>
                Application Programming Interface (API), The CCDB API, which is described in this document. 
            </p>

            <h3>Version</h3>
            The CCDB API follows
            <a href="#{msgs.semverReference}" target="_blank">Semantic Versioning</a> for its version numbers. The current API version number is #{msgs.apiversion}.         

            <ui:include src="resources.xhtml" />                        

            <ui:include src="represent.xhtml" />

            <h3>Base URI</h3>
            The base URI for Resource Identifiers, on this server, is  #{msgs.apiBaseUrl}

            <h3>Caching</h3>
            Currently the #{msgs.title} API does not support caching. However, future versions of the API will support caching mechanisms such as 
            Conditional GETs and Expiration Times.

            <h3>Authentication and Authorization</h3>
            <i>Note: Authentication mechanisms of CCDB API will be changed in future. So please be prepared to update you application.</i>
            To use any part of the CCDB API, an application must first authenticate itself. Instead of the standard HTTP Basic, 
            DIGEST, FORM or other authentication mechanisms, CCDB API requires the following HTTP Header to be sent with every request:
            <p>
                DISCS-Authorization: key:passcode
            </p>
            where <i>key</i> and <i>passcode</i> are supplied by the CCDB team to identify your application. Key and passcode must be separated by the ':' 
            character in the header. You must use a key+passcode pair 
            with only one application (and its versions). To use CCDB API with a different application, you must request a new key+passcode 
            pair. 

            <h3>Encryption</h3>
            #{msgs.title} API forces the use of HTTPS protocol. If HTTP is used, CCDB will redirect it over to HTTPS. 
            Note that the public key of the CCDB development 
            and QA server may not be signed by trusted Certificate Authorities.
            
            <h3>CORS</h3>
            For security reasons, #{msgs.title} API does not support <a href="#{msgs.cors}" target="_blank">Cross-origin Resource Sharing</a> (CORS).

            <h3>Error Codes and Responses</h3>
            The #{msgs.title} API attempts to return appropriate <a href="#{msgs.httpCodes}" target="_blank">HTTP Status Codes</a> for each request.

            <ui:include src="api.xhtml" />

            <ui:include src="examples.xhtml" />
            
            <h3>References</h3>
            <ol>
                <li>
                    <a href='http://tinoweb.googlecode.com/files/O%27Reilly%20-RESTful.Web.Services.pdf' target="_blank">RESTful Web Services,</a>
                    Leonard Richardson and Sam Ruby, 2007.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href='https://www.ics.uci.edu/~fielding/pubs/dissertation/top.htm' target="_blank">
                        Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software Architectures,</a> 
                    Roy Thomas Fielding, PhD Dissertation, 2000.
                </li>
            </ol>
            
        </p:panel>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>